How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It will show just the lines that have change between the two versions of the file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can return to an old version of the code when you need to know about how a 
    file used to look in the past.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros are that you can choose what to commit and when, keeping the track only of
    the significant changes, avoiding that the list of commits gets to crambled and easy
    to read.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Sometimes we need to modify multiple files to make a change in one version of a project,
    and it's usefull to make one single commit to save the version instead of make multiple
    commits, in that way you will have better understanding of the changes between versions.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can use the git log to see all the commits that you have done and then, when you find
    the commit with the message that you are looking for, you can copy the id of the previous
    commit and the one you want to check, and use them with the command git diff, to see the
    changes in all the files between those two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I could make the changes that I want, and if something goes wrong, I could check the previous
    version of the code to find the mistake or mistakes that were made.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would like to try how this makes easy to manage the versions of my projects.
