When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  When I need to have a copy of the repository so I can share it with other people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

  Because sometimes to launch a new characteristic or a version of the app, it takes more
  than one commit, and only the person will know when you want to share the changes of the
  project

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead 
of another?

  A branch is a diferent path that follows the repository, its convenient to use branches when
  you wanto to make modifications of the code without messing the production code.
  A clone is a copy of a repository from GitHub located in your computer. It could be used when
  you need to work on a project and make modifications of the code locally and publish it when
  you have done the work.
  A fork is a copy of a repositoro from GitHub in your own account of GitHub. Its usefull when 
  you don't have permision of push to one public repository but you want to make changes and 
  share them.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

  You can know what changes have happen in the remote branch so when we push our changes it won't
  cause any conflict in the code.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

  Probably using google drive or something like that, and have a lot of comunication wit my team.
  I dont think it would be easy, it would be so hard.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits 
does each approach have?

  When I want to try a new characteristic and then push it with a pull request, so that other person can 
  look at my code and decide if it can be part of the master branch or if I have to check some details.